You see, this is Lankao Business Piece.
You see, the shopping malls over there are all built
And it's just opened now.
There should be quite a few people
When my mother brought me here
It's still an empty lot
I didn't expect time to fly so fast
It's all involved now
Wife
If the mother-in-law is destined
Sure will bless you
To protect Langang Commercial Street
The press conference started early
Then I have to go first
You can browse by yourself here first.
Well, hard work boss
You are Shen Yan
I am Su Yueqing
It's really you
We haven't seen each other since graduation, have we?
You haven't changed at all
What are you doing here?
Ah, I'm here to do something.
You're not here for me, are you?
After all, I was the class flower back then
But I heard that you are delivering the courier now.
I advise you.
Or die with this heart, haha.
You think too much
Okay, stop explaining.
Now it doesn't deserve me, hahaha.